1.What is linux? Explain 5 linux commands?
          linux is an operating system(OS).an operating system is the software that directly manages a system's hardware and resources,like
CPU,memory and storage.linux is reliable,open source and secure Operating system.
 Commands
        Pwd - To know which directory you are in.
        cd - use the 'cd' command to go to a directory.
        rm - 'rm' command used to Delete files and directories.
        cp - use the 'cp' command to copy files through the command line.
        mv - 'mv' command used for move files through the command line.

2.Define linux kernel?
        The linux kernel is a free and open-source kernel. linux kernel is the main component of a linux operating system and is the core interface 
between a computer's hardware and its processes.kernel does the memory management,process management, device drivers and system security.

3.what is the differents between 32-bit and 64-bit computers?
        A 64-bit system can access a lot of multi-tasking.user can easily switch between various applications without any windows hanging problems.
32-bit system can address a maximumnof 4GB of RAM,but 64-bit supports 2TP of RAM .

4. What is git and what version is installed on your Linux machine?
Hint: h)ps://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Ge8ng-Started-First-Time-Git-Setup 

5.what is low level language and high level language?
        High level languages are easy to leran and understand. low level language are challenging to learn. high level language are executed slower then 
low level lanuages.but low level execute high speed.high level programs easy to modify.modifying is defficult in low level language.
high level languages are: perl,php,BASIC,Ruby
low level languages are: machine language and assembly language.

6.Define an object in the context of obeject oriented programming? give a example.
        Object oriented language is based on the idea of an object.An object is an entity with some data and operations.
              
              function Person(name) {
                    this.name = name;
                    this.greeting = function() {
                       alert('Hi! I\'m ' + this.name + '.');
                       };
                      }
        
    
7.Write a pythone code using class and a dictionary?
        
        class Bird():
    
    def __init__(self):
        print("Bird is ready")

    def whoisThis(self):
        print("Bird")

    def swim(self):
        print("Swim faster")
        
        peggy= bird()
        peggy.whoisThis()
        peggy.swim()
        
          
